README.md, before:

PROJECT NAME        : ALGORITHMS IN C                                                  
AUTHOR              : Gagaron
EMAIL ID            : gagaron.warrior@gmail.com
LICENSE             : MIT License
PROGRAMMIG LANGUAGE : C
COMPILER            : gcc (Ubuntu 5.4.0-6ubuntu1~16.04.4) 5.4.0 20160609

PROJECT DESCRIPTION:
This Project shows the implementation of various algrothims from basic ones
to advance, using data structures from basics ones to advance.
The purpose of this project to focus on understanding of the algorithms and
underlying data-structures.
The language used in implementation is C.
C is very raw and crude but powerful language to implement algorithms.
It is small languge and can be learnt in short time.
The data type used is very primitive datatype supported by language - INTEGERS.
They are very easy to understand and keep us focused on implementation.

The project is still in development stage but complete.
The algorithms are tested.
But it is open for all to test and break it in every possible way.

From the poject top directory, run:
make clean.
make all.

The output of the make all, creates the executable bin/main , library lib/lib_gagaron.a.
output also show valgrind result for any memory leaks.

To understand how to use the algorithm and its infercase refer includes/ directory.

Directiory structure of project :
.:
bin  includes  lib  LICENSE.txt  Makefile  obj  README.md  src  unit_test

./bin:

./includes:
collection.h  helper.h  sort.h

./lib:

./obj:

./src:
collection.c  helper.c  main.c  Makefile  sort.c

./unit_test:
README.md

Commit message:

Added file search.h search.c and html formatted documentation doc/

README.md, after:

PROJECT NAME        : ALGORITHMS IN C                                                  
AUTHOR              : Gagaron
EMAIL ID            : gagaron.warrior@gmail.com
LICENSE             : MIT License
PROGRAMMIG LANGUAGE : C
COMPILER            : gcc (Ubuntu 5.4.0-6ubuntu1~16.04.4) 5.4.0 20160609

PROJECT DESCRIPTION:

This Project shows the implementation of various algrothims from basic ones
to advance, using data structures from basics ones to advance.
The purpose of this project to focus on understanding of the algorithms and
underlying data-structures.
The language used in implementation is C.
C is very raw and crude but powerful language to implement algorithms.
It is small languge and can be learnt in short time.
The data type used is primitive datatype supported by language - INTEGERS.
They are very easy to understand and keep us focused on implementation.

The project is still in development stage but code whatever is described is complete 
and working code.
The algorithms are tested.
But it is open for all to test and break it in every possible way.
Please let me know if your testing breaks the implementation.

From the poject top directory, run:
make clean.
make all.

The output of the make all, creates the executable bin/main , library lib/lib_gagaron.a.

After make all, make valgrind can be run.
It will show valgrind result for any memory leaks.

To understand how to use the algorithm and its infercase refer includes/ directory.
OR
Refer doc/ directory for the documentation.Double click index.html file in
html/ directory.

The unit-test directory is empty. unit test framework will be soon integrated.
By that time refer file main.c under src/ directory for unit-test run or sample run.


Directiory structure of project :
.:
bin  doc  includes  lib  LICENSE.txt  Makefile  obj  README.md  src  unit_test

./bin:

./doc:

./includes:
collection.h  helper.h  sort.h

./lib:

./obj:

./src:
collection.c  helper.c  main.c  Makefile  sort.c

./unit_test:
README.md
